.\" Manpage for better cd.
.\" Contact viktor@jacynycz.es to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "06 May 2010" "1.0" "better cd man page"
.SH NAME
cd \- Change the shell working directory.
.SH SYNOPSIS
cd DIR
.br
cd PATTERN [PATTERN | PATTERN ...] [-l]
.br
cdd PATTERN [PATTERN | PATTERN ...] [-l]
.br
cd [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Change the current directory to DIR.  The default DIR is the value of the HOME shell variable.

Better cd allows to use patterns to jump into long paths.

Given the following structure:
.br
.RS 4
/home/vik/projects/reallycoolproject"
.br
/home/vik/projects/niceproject
.RE

cd proj rea # will go to reallycoolproject
.br
cd p ni # will go to niceproject
.br
cd pro # will go to projects/
.br
cd pr pro # will go to niceproject

cdd works similar to cd but instead of calculating the jump over the BETTERCDROOT var uses the current directory.


Given the following structure:
.br
.RS 4
/home/vik/projects/reallycoolproject/pro/vars
.br
/home/vik/projects/reallycoolproject/pro/bin
.br
/home/vik/projects/niceproject
.RE

And if PWD=/home/vik/projects/reallycoolproject

cd pro # will go to projects/
.br
cdd pro # will go to reallycoolproject/pro/
.SH OPTIONS
.RS 2
--cache
.RE

.RS 6
Reloads better cd cache.
.RE

.RS 2
--uptadateroot DIR
.RE

.RS 6
Updates the root directory from which better cd calculates jumps. Default directory is $HOME (cd --updateroot $HOME).
.RE

.RS 2
--help
.RE

.RS 6
Show this man page
.RE


.RS 2
-l
.RE

.RS 6
List cache contents. Works similar to cd but it shows a list of possible jump locations (bettercd always chooses the first shown).
.RE


.RS 2
-|--
.RE

.RS 6
Changes the working directory to the previous working directory.
.RE

.RS 2
-NUM
.RE

.RS 6
Changes the working directory to previous nth directory.
.RE


.RS 2
-h | -h NUM
.RE

.RS 6
List previous working directories (default 15).
.RE


.SH BUGS
No known bugs. If you find one, please go to https://github.com...
.SH AUTHOR
Viktor Jacynycz (viktor@jacynycz.es)
